any point during the threesome did any
of them pass out
no no i mean they were they were all
awake when we were hooking up you know
a lot of people don't understand the
definition of sexual assault so i'm
going to go ahead and read it for you
guys sexual assault includes any kind of
non-consensual sexual touching and or
groping hi guys my name is cassandra and
i'm here to interview dom from david's
blog about sexual assault allegations
how did you guys agreed upon skits like
for example
okay um
well for for for skits it was usually
like i know david had his own thing like
him and jason would sometimes come up
with ideas um other times when we were
at the apartment we would kind of just
like spit ball ideas i remember would be
like it would be like a couch like this
you know you'd be sitting on the couch
and just like hey what if we did this
and then somebody would add on to the
idea so it was almost like a writer's
circle but it didn't really feel like a
writer's circle it's just us spitballing
ideas like okay what if we did this and
then what if we did this in the video
and then okay what if we did that you
know so
it was like a group collected you know
me david um jason and whoever whoever
else was there but you know we were
coming up with good ideas and um he
needed something
quick to post
yeah so he he ends up like okay cool
i'll be there tonight
like find some girls you know so i um i
put out a post we have a you know a
couple different girls hit us up but
we end up going with these girls because
they had a group of like six girls
already so we're like okay great we
don't have to um
have a bunch of random people come you
know just one group of them
so when david and everybody
came over they knew what they were going
to right they knew that it was for you
to have a five second yeah yeah i mean
unless unless david didn't tell them
they just said hey like we're filming
tonight because i know sometimes he
wouldn't tell people what exactly they
were filming but
um
i would guess he told him like hey we're
gonna film this idea you know and then
and then it comes time to shoot the bit
right so
i uh i like start talking to the girls
and basically being like yo who's you
know who's down to shoot this bit you
know cuz it didn't seem like all
six of them were gonna be in the video
you know what i'm saying
or go have sex with me right so
um
hannah and her friend
uh
end up
basically
being the video with me so
we go to my room and we start having sex
and they were you were all drunk
yeah yeah we were all drinking we had we
had i think like a bottle inside of the
room too between us um
so we are
you all drinking
uh yeah yeah i think i think maybe they
had their own cups but i um i just i was
just streaming straight from the bottom
at any point during the threesome did
any of them pass out
no no i mean they were they were all
awake when we were hooking up you know
um
it wasn't until until after we finished
having sex that that hannah fell asleep
in the clip the boys
are
peeking while you're having a threesome
yeah did you
let
you guys okay with them interrupting
your first time
i mean i didn't i didn't want them to
peek in you know i wasn't like hey guys
come inside check it out you know um but
i guess for their for their vlog or for
whatever they they wanted to look inside
but you were part of the blog so you
wrote you knew it wasn't then so yeah
it's fine yeah we're being honest here
um
but it wasn't agreeable before like they
didn't they didn't go and say like done
we're gonna sneak in
no i mean yeah i don't
i don't think so i mean i wouldn't want
them to film you know filming naked
right right now how you have
you guys have the system is
in exchange for
exposure uh-huh yeah but if you think
see
the vlogs that you guys
did
um there
you have to credit the fame to
the people also involved in the videos
sure so yeah yeah because in the end of
the day
these people like for example people
that were part of any bit
should have gotten paid
yeah yeah yeah i mean i guess that was
that was the
protection yeah yeah and i guess that
was the scenario you know it's like even
people ask even people ask me like how
much did you get paid for being in
david's vlogs i'm like paid
no one got paid like i'll just do some
videos and just be like
maybe i'll get some more followers and
be able to sell some merch and pay my
rent you know like
you know when you're in it you don't
think about it like five years from now
ten years from now like how that's going
to affect you kind of just kind of just
roll with it you know i also get a few
texts from hannah the one that um
alleged me of the sexual assault and
here's what she said hi dom
it's hannah
just woke up
thank you so much for having me over i
know i was very drunk but i was having a
blast and hope you did too
also anything at your discretion is okay
for the vlog just maybe not anything
that a future employer could use against
me
tell your friends to go for it with the
content he has and then i said
hi glad you're okay i just woke up to
lmao i had fun we should hang out again
then she says
hope you slept well i'm down i still
want to paint your nails i said
okay let's do it
you won't [ __ ] it up promise
and she says pinky swear i say okay you
free later this week and she says should
be or the weekend smiley face i say okay
and then later in the week she texts me
what's the rest of your week looking
like i say working on different stuff
what you doing tonight she says so much
work i said shaking my head now i have
to paint my nails myself you let me down
she says ha ha don't worry you'll be
blessed with my nail work one day the
reason we were talking about nails was
because i paint my nails sometimes and i
asked her to help me paint them because
i always screw them up when i do them
myself when i moved out here to la i i
didn't smoke i didn't
hook up with girls i didn't i didn't
drink in high school and
i i was never one of the cool kids so
when i moved out here to la it finally
gave me a chance to reinvent myself and
be who i wanted to be